#### Terms of Service
###### Effective since 2020, February the 23rd

Jarvis One Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Jarvis”, “we”, “us” or “our”), a company registered in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, seated at The Financial Services Center, Stoney Ground, Kingston, with registration number 24623 IBC 2018, has developed these Terms of Service (hereinafter referred to as “Terms”) that govern your use of the tools, information, products and services (collectively referred to as “Service”) made available on the site https://jarvis.exchange/ (hereinafter referred to as “Website”).
By visiting our Website, or using our Service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to these Terms, as well as the accompanying Risk warning and Privacy Policy. These Terms represent a binding agreement between You, the legal entity You represent (collectively hereinafter referred to as “You”) and Jarvis. If you do not agree with these terms, do not use the Service.
We may modify the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion, without any notice. Any such changes will take effect immediately when posted on the Website. You will be notified of such changes either by posting the modified Terms on the Website, or through other methods of communication which we deem reasonable. You may be required to read and accept the updated Terms in order to continue your use of the Website and of the Service. If you continue to use our Service after we have modified the Terms, You are agreeing to be bound by the modified Terms. If You do not agree to be bound by the modified Terms, then You should discontinue any use of our Services. Because our Service is evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services at any time and without notice at our sole discretion. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Please check the effective date above to determine if there have been any changes since You have last reviewed these Terms.

##### 1. DEFINITIONS
- “Jarvis” is the company which provides the Service.
- “User” or “You” means a natural or legal person who uses the Service.
- “Service(s)” means the provision of software which underpins the Website and Platform.
- “Platform” refers to the software available at https://app.jarvis.exchange, which constitute a convenient user-interface to interact with the smart-contracts and open-source software of the Synthereum protocol.
- “Smart-contract(s)” refers to a code, that can be understood as a software, being executed autonomously on a Blockchain.
- “Blockchain(s)” means the list of records, also known as blocks, which are linked with the method of cryptography. The technology allows large groups of people to connect and reach agreement on data, which is afterwards permanently recorded without the presence of central authority. Once transactions are recorded in blocks of information on the decentralized, distributed, and public digital ledger, the information cannot be altered retroactively.
- “The Synthereum protocol” is a non-custodial and trustless peer-to-contract trading system on the Ethereum Blockchain which allows trade synthetic assets against liquidity pools, at a price determined by a third-party on-chain price-feed. The value of these assets is derived by a mechanism called over-collateralization, which insures that each synthetic asset can always be redeemed for its exact dollar value in USDC, determined according to the aforementioned price feed.
- “Non-custodial” means that in no ways, Jarvis, the Synthereum protocol, or any party involved in providing the service, custody users’ funds, or have any control over their funds.
- “Trustless” means that in no ways, Jarvis, the Synthereum protocol, or any party involved in providing the service can misbehave to realize a profit at the expense of the users.
- “Peer-to-contract trading” as opposed to peer-to-peer trading is a system where user’s counterpart are not other users but rather smart contracts running on a Blockchain.
- “Ethereum” is a Blockchain which allows to run and execute code, called smart contract, in a decentralized way.
- “Gas fee” refers to the fee a user must pay to execute a code on Ethereum, such as making a transfer, or buying a synthetic asset. The fee, called gas, must be paid to the miners in the Ethereum’s native cryptocurrency, called Ether.
- “Synthetic asset” refers to a token which attempts to track the price of another asset.
- “Trade(s)”, “Order(s)” or “Transaction(s)” should be understood by buying, selling, and exchanging synthetic assets, by respectively, minting, burning, or converting them using the Synthereum protocol.
- “Liquidity pools” refers to smart contracts holding liquidity providers funds. These pools are the counterparty of all the trades happening on the Synthereum protocol.
- “USDC” is a tokenized American dollar pegged to the price of the American dollar. Behind each USDC there is a dollar held in a bank account. USDC could be redeemed for real dollar, insuring its value.
- “Crypto-assets” are a type of private (digital) asset that depend on cryptography and exist on a distributed ledger (blockchain), which includes three main groups: investment tokens, utility tokens, payment tokens/ virtual currencies and stablecoins.

##### 2. DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICE
Jarvis provides you with a Platform to interact with the Synthereum protocol (hereinafter referred to as "the Protocol"). All the transactions are autonomously executed and settled, and only happen between You and the Protocol, the latter’s liquidity pool being your sole counterpart, and neither Jarvis nor any third-party is involved or control the processes.
The Service does not comprise, involve or include financial services or any advice or guidance with regard to financial services, investments or assets. Jarvis does not offer brokerage service, financial or investment advice, trade execution or clearing services and has no oversight, involvement or control with respect to your transactions.

##### 3. USE OF THE SERVICES. ELIGIBILITY TO USE THE SERVICES
The Terms governing the Services shall apply to the extent permitted by the law of your jurisdiction. We shall not be responsible for any non-compliance of the Terms with the law of your jurisdiction. You should not use the Services if the law of your jurisdiction does not allow this. By using our Service, you represent and warrant that you meet all eligibility requirements that We outline in these Terms. We may still refuse to let certain people access or use our Services; however, We reserve the right to change our eligibility criteria at any time.
Our Service is not intended to be used by citizens or residents of the United States of America and of some non-compliant jurisdiction including but limited to North Korea, Iran or China and you acknowledge that it is not within our judicial capacity to verify and authenticate the location of every user.
You represent and warrant that to use our Services You must be able to form legally binding contracts in your jurisdiction; You must make sure that these Services and these Terms are in compliance with all laws or regulations, including but not limited to any local, provincial, state, federal, national, or international laws (hereinafter referred to as "Laws” in this document) that apply to You.
If You are using our Service on behalf of a legal entity, You further represent and warrant that the legal entity is duly organized and validly existing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; and You are duly authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf.
As a User, You shall comply with the rules set within the present Terms and perform any actions on the Website or Platform in good faith.
As a User, You agree to do not:
- violate any Laws that may apply to You and You further agree not to encourage or induce any third party to violate such Laws;
- pay for, support or otherwise engage in any illegal activities including but not limited to illegal gambling, fraud, money laundering, terrorist activities, etc.;
- violate, misappropriate or infringe the rights of Jarvis, its partners, employees, affiliates, users, or others including their privacy, publicity, intellectual property or other proprietary rights;
- interfere with or attempt to interfere with the access of any User, host or network including without limitation sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming or mail-bombing the Service; the devices each User uses should not contain or have installed any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
- compromise or exploit the Website and the Platform;
- take advantage of any technical glitch, malfunction, failure, delay, default, or security breach;
- try to obtain or gain access over any personal or identifiable information related to the accounts of other Users nor shall You disclose such information about yourself;
- store or transmit identifiable information at any point in the transaction processing;
- avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Us or any of our service providers or any other third party (including another User) to protect the Services or Content;
- disguise your location through IP proxying or other methods;
- mislead others into thinking that You are another person or company;
- purposefully provide information by using another person’s seed phrase, private or public keys, accounts, etc. with the purpose of representing as somebody else.
If we discover that You have violated this Agreement or other regulatory requirements, We will take proportional disciplinary action including but not limited to restriction to some parts of the Services or all Services, cessation of any Service provided to You, filing complaints with any competent bodies in any jurisdiction as well as claims for recovery of any damages and/or loss of profits if sustained due to your unlawful conduct.
##### 4. USING THE SERVICE
In order to use the Service, you will need to connect to the Platform using any supported web3 wallet such as Metamask, Trust Wallet or Argent. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your wallet and any device that You utilize in connection with the Services and ensuring that no unauthorized person has access to your wallet or any device that You utilize in connection with the Services.
##### 5. SLIPPAGE
Since Ethereum transactions are not instant, and since it is not possible to accurately know when a transaction will be executed, between the time where the user submits a transaction and the time it is final, the price may change, and the transaction will be executed at this new price, occurring a slippage. Slippage can be positive, or negative; a positive slippage means that the price at which the transaction is executed is better than the one the user wanted; a negative slippage means the price at which the transaction is executed is worse than the one the user wanted.
##### 6. FEES AND TAXES
Jarvis does not collect any fees or taxes for the use of the Service. However, gas fees are paid to the miners of the Ethereum blockchain, and trading fees are being collected for transacting on the Protocol. These fees are established based on a third-party policy. Therefore, Jarvis shall not be held liable in any case related to money collection under the form of fees by third parties. In addition, some taxes may be payable to public authorities in different countries depending on the legal regulations. Users are obliged to inform themselves for such taxes and fees. We are not responsible for paying any tax connected to the access and use of Our services.
Users shall be held liable in case they provide false information or manipulate in any way data for the purposes of trading.
##### 7. THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND CONTENT
The Services may contain links to third-party services, products, applications, websites, resources, including but not limited to the supported wallets (hereinafter referred to as “Third Party Materials” in this document). Jarvis does not control the content presented thereto in any way. Users access the Third-Party Materials at their own risk and they should comply with the rules applicable thereto. We make no warranties and We are not responsible in any way for the content of Third Party Materials or possible harmful consequences caused by use of their services or download of their applications. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any third-party websites, applications or resources, including but not limited to the wallet options.
We provide these links only as a convenience and we do not have control over their content, do not warrant or endorse, and are not responsible for the availability or legitimacy of or the content, products, services or their privacy policies / Terms (if any) on or accessible from, those websites or resources or links displayed therein.
In no event shall a description or reference to a Third-Party Materials, including, but not limited to, providing a description or reference via hyperlink, be construed as an endorsement or promotion of such Third-Party Materials by Us. We retain the exclusive right to add to, modify or cancel the availability of any Third-Party Materials. You will need to make your own independent judgement regarding your interaction with any third party, including the purchase and use of any products or services accessible through them. You accept that any transaction, transfer, or contract which you may enter with any third party shall be a private arrangement between You and that entity. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such Third-Party Materials.
##### 8. LICENSE
The Platform is developed under the MIT permissive open-source license (hereafter called "MIT”). With this license permission is granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software of the Platform without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions : the copyright notice and the permission notice for the Software should be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
The copyright notice and the permission notice are as it follows :
“Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.”
Except as contained in the notices above, the name of Jarvis shall not be used in any sort of advertising/promoting the sale, use or other dealings in the Software of the Platform without prior written authorization from Jarvis.
##### 9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Website and Platform are operated by Jarvis. Each component on the Website and Platform including logos, trademarks and other intellectual property displayed thereto are protected by the applicable intellectual property legislation and unless otherwise provided, we exclusively own the Content. It is prohibited to use any intellectual property from the Website or the Platform before a prior explicit consent, received from Jarvis.
Your use of the Services does not grant you any right, title or interest in the Content. You agree that you will not copy, transmit, distribute, sell, license, create derivative works from, or, in any other way, exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part. The present article does not interfere with the rights granted according to article 8- LICENSE, of the present Terms.
Jarvis reserves its right to take any necessary legal action against intellectual property infringement.
###### 10. FEEDBACK
Jarvis invites you to send us feedback, comments, ideas, and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by emailing us at hello@jarvis.exchange. You grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.
##### 10. WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS. RISKS
###### 10.1. INTERFACE Warranty Disclaimers and Risks
You acknowledge and agree that the prices displayed on the charts and other elements of the Services are provided "as is" and "as available" and are displayed for information purpose, therefore it is possible that the reference prices used to execute a trade with synthetic assets may differ from the prices displayed in the Services. This could happen due to performance issue of the Platform, or due to slippage.
You understand and agree that the on-chain price feed data is transmitted by a third party and Jarvis has no oversight, involvement or control with respect of it.
Transactions which have been executed cannot be revoked, amended, or refunded in any case, including in cases where the Service may run into technical issues or outages. Mistakes or misinterpretations in the transactions sent through the Services due to technical or mechanical failures, as well as the risks of delays or other problems may arise, resulting in a non-favorable outcome. You must know the true status of any transactions taken, even if presented incorrectly by the Platform at any time and You acknowledge and agree that your orders may be placed by unauthorized persons.
Therefore, You are solely responsible and liable for any and all the activity on the Platform, for all your actions and inactions on the Platform and all gains and losses sustained from your use of it and any of the Service. You indemnify Jarvis in full for any loss incurred when using the Service.
The Services are provided "as is" and "as available" and without warranty of any kind. Users accept and agree that they are only software solutions assisting the interaction between them and the Protocol. To the maximum extent permitted by law, We disclaim all representations and warranties, express or implied, relating to the Services and underlying software or any Content on the Services, whether provided or owned by us or by any third party, including without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus and any implied warranties arising from course of dealing, course of performance, or usage in trade, all of which are expressly disclaimed. In addition, we do not represent or warrant that the Content accessible via the Services is accurate, error-free, complete, available, current, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that the results of using the services will meet your requirements.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you.
###### 11.2. JARVIS EXCHANGE AND SYNTHEREUM PROTOCOLS Warranty Disclaimers and Risks
- General Disclaimer: Ethereum is open-source, public, permissionless blockchain. Therefore, any person can download, participate, develop, improve and validate transactions on the blockchain. Jarvis cannot and does not control in any way the transactions conducted by Users via the Services. Jarvis does not ensure the trustworthiness and validity of the same. Please bear in mind that every User is solely responsible for the actions undertaken on the Services and the Synthereum protocol.
- Account Disclaimer: As mentioned above, Users take full responsibility for the digital security of their accounts. They should comply with all rules applicable for the wallet they use for identification on the Platform.  Users accept and guarantee to defend, indemnify and hold Jarvis harmless in relation to the use of Wallets for the purpose of identification on the Platform.
- Guidance Disclaimer: The content presented on the Services is not intended to be used as guide for investments or signing of other legal agreements. Jarvis does not offer business and financial advices, which can be used as a legal basis for any investments or agreements in the sphere. Jarvis shall not be held liable in any case of negative consequences from transactions, negative consequences from investment decisions or non-compliance with obligations of legal agreements signed by You, including but not only losses, tort, revenue, income, or profits loss arising out of the contracts/ transactions/investment acts/agreements.
- Jurisdiction Disclaimer: The use of the Services may be technically restricted or prohibited in certain territories and countries depending on the different legal acts. Users are solely responsible for informing themselves for such legal restrictions and possible breach of any legal norms.
Users of the Services acknowledge and accept the risks which might occur in connection to the interaction with the Protocol and the allocation, use, transfer and ownership of Crypto-assets, including but not limited to:
- Decentralized public infrastructure weakness: Users understand and accept that the decentralized public infrastructure technical concepts (such as smart contracts, Ethereum blockchain, cryptography, etc.) are still in a very early stage of development and can, therefore, cause unexpected glitches and errors or could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities, or bugs, which, inter alia, could cause the complete loss of Crypto-assets. Blockchain networks can also suffer from congestion, resulting in slowing down or failing transactions.
- Protocol risks: the Platform allows to interact with the Protocol, which is highly experimental, not audited, and may contain code errors or logical issue, which could create bugs, or which could be maliciously exploited, resulting in the partial or total loss of users funds.
- On-chain price feed risks: the Protocol uses a third-party on-chain price feed which is used to execute every trades. These price feed could be manipulated, outdated, or could contain errors, which could cause the User to lose money.
- Regulatory risk: Users acknowledge and accept that the blockchain technology is an innovative sphere which many jurisdictions have not regulated yet. Therefore, Users may expect adaptation of rules regarding the technology. Jarvis does not and cannot guarantee the compliance with future regulations and the Services might be affected, causing the interruption of the interaction between Users and the Protocols. The measures may be contrary to the Smart Contract Systems, the Jarvis Services, the Ethereum blockchain and any other involved software and technology, technical concepts and theories. This may result in substantial modifications of the Services, including their termination and the loss of Crypto-assets for Users.
- Risk of thefts: Users understand and accept that the decentralized public infrastructure, the smart contract systems, the Services and other involved figures, software and technology may be exposed to attacks by hackers or other individuals with malicious behavior, which could result in theft or loss of tokens.
- Risk of attacks and forks: Users understand and accept that since the Protocol is blockchain based, it may be susceptible to variety of attacks such as mining attacks or phishing attacks. Highly possible results are the disturbance of transactions, stealing of data, assets or credentials. The team of Jarvis undertakes every possible action to minimize such malicious actions, however, cannot guarantee the security of Users fully because of the decentralized and innovative character of blockchain. In addition, taking into account article 8 of the present Terms- LICENSE, the Platform is developed under the open-source MIT Licence and can be modified and developed by anyone. The source code can be copied and developed in such a way that a Fork can be created. Jarvis cannot avoid the creation of such Forks and is not responsible for them. Jarvis shall not be held liable for any losses and/or damages resulted from the use of Forks.
- USDC risk: USDC is an Ethereum-based stablecoin stabilized against the value of the US dollar and it is the base currency of the Protocol. USDC has been developed by a third-party which has no relation with Jarvis; this third-party may decide, or may be asked by authorities to freeze any USDC located in any address, including a User address or the Protocol’s smart contract one. Even though USDC is a stablecoin, its value may vary, including a decrease in value.
- Additional risks: Jarvis reserves its right to terminate the functioning of the Services due to regulatory, economic, financial, political, social, and other measures. Jarvis shall not be held liable for such termination decision. Due to the above-mentioned reasons, Users understand that there is no assurance that in the future Users will receive any functionality through the Crypto-assets held by them.
Users must contact the Jarvis team immediately if any of the below-mentioned situations occur:
- If a User has security issues;
- If a User’s account has been under a cyber-attack;
- If a User’s account has been accessed without their authorization.
##### 12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You acknowledge and agree that you assume full responsibility for your use of the Website, the Platform and the Services and that you use them at your own risk.
To the maximum extent not prohibited by law, Jarvis shall not be liable for damages of any type, whether direct or indirect, arising out of or in any way related to your use or inability to use the Services, including but not limited to damages allegedly arising from the compromise or loss of your Security credentials or funds/ traditional or Crypto-assets or unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; or due to the loss of or inability to restore access; or to mistakes, omissions, human errors, interruptions, delays, defects, and/or errors in the transmission of Transactions to the underlying Blockchain network, and/or to risk of unknown vulnerabilities in or unanticipated changes to such network; or to failure of hardware, software, and Internet connections, including public utility or telephone outages, deletions or defects of any Device or network, providers, or software or the risk of malicious software being introduced or found in the software underlying our Platform or your Devices; or for diminution of value of any traditional asset, digital token or Crypto-asset on held in your Account; or by statements or conduct of any third party on the Website the Platform or the Service; or by any actions we take or fail to take as a result of communications You send to Us; or by any injury or damage to your Devices; typographical, printing or other errors, or any combination thereof; failure in performance, or interruptions of Service which result directly or indirectly from any cause or condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to any delay or failure due to any case of force majeure; or any other matter relating to the Website, the Platform or the Service.
Jarvis shall not be liable under any circumstances for any lost profits or any special, incidental, indirect, intangible, or consequential damages, whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with authorized or unauthorized use of the Services.
Jarvis shall not be liable under any circumstances for damages arising out of or in any way related to software, products, Services, and/or information offered or provided by third parties and accessed through the Platform. Any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such content, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation of liability for personal injury, or of incidental or consequential damages, so this limitation may not apply to You.
##### 13. INDEMNITY
To the extent permitted by applicable law, You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Jarvis and its officers, directors, affiliates, employees and agents, from and against any claims, obligations, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, debt and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Services or Content, Third-Party Materials or your violation of these Terms, or your violation of any Law.
##### 14. TERMINATION
You can terminate the use of the Platform at any time by simply logging out and never use the Service again.  Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of Services or your Account, the following provisions will survive: Intellectual property, Termination, Warranty Disclaimers, Indemnity, Limitation of Liability, Dispute Resolution and General Terms.
##### 15. GOVERNING LAW
The law of St. Vincent and the Grenadines will apply to all disputes and the interpretation of these Terms without regard to possible conflict of law provisions. The competent courts of St. Vincent and the Grenadines will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising from or related to your use of the Services.
##### 16. NO WAIVER
Our failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms shall not operate as a waiver; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof.
##### 17. SEVERABILITY
If a provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, that shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision/rule of these Terms.
##### 18. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms set forth the entire understanding and agreement as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements, and understandings of any kind (including without limitation any prior versions of these Terms) and every nature between Users and Jarvis.
For more information regarding our Services and the present Terms, please do not hesitate to contact the Jarvis team at: hello@jarvis.exchange. We are looking forward to hearing from you!

